feat(framework): Add workflow channel preferences docs (#695)
novuhq/docs: sdks/framework/typescript/steps/introduction.mdx

```

The `_passthrough` object and the known provider values are deeply merged prior to sending the request to the provider, with the `_passthrough` object taking precedence.

### Workflow channel preferences

By default, Novu will show the subscriber preferences in the Inbox component. Subscribers can enable/disable any active channel in the workflow using subscriber preferences.
With Workflow channel preferences you can control what the default preference for a channel is and also if subscriber can change it.

You can specify inApp, sms, email, chat and push in channels object, each of these takes an object with defaultValue that controls if a channel is enabled/disabled by default for subscriber.
The readOnly property controls if subscriber can change if a channel is enabled/disabled. 

> ReadOnly and defaultValue on workflow object is used for a channel that is not specified in channels object so if a new channel is introduced in workflow and specific preferences for that channel is specified these will be used instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `readOnly` and `defaultValue` fields on the `workflow` object are used as fallback values in the event a new channel (not yet specified explicitly in `channels`) is added.
```

> These preferences can also be controlled from the Novu dashboard on a workflow, click on the cog and then preferences to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These preferences can also be controlled from the Novu dashboard on a workflow. To do so, click on the cog icon at the top right of your screen, and then select the  "Preferences" tab.
```
